please sit down. welcome everybody. for
I have to apologize for dragging everyone here at such a rare moment. But as far as I know, this matter
Need urgent treatment. In fact, if it is so urgent, it may be
Solved a few weeks ago. But that was sprinkling milk under the bridge.
So why didn't anyone tell me what they think? Just like me
As mentioned earlier, Mr. Tuld, if you compare the numbers at the top of page 13...
Jared, it's too early. Just talk to me in simple English.
Ok. Actually, I want to
Talk to those who put them together. Mr. Sullivan, is it? Does he speak English?
Mr? I want to
Talk to an analyst who stumbled upon this chaotic situation.
of course. That is Peter Sullivan. Right here.
Oh, Mr. Sullivan, you are here. Good morning. Maybe you can tell me
Your thoughts. Also, please speak with young children or golden retrievers as much as possible.
Not my brain attracted me. I can assure you.
Sir, you may or may not know,
Sir, here I am
Mr. Rogers, a partner in the MBS Risk Assessment and Management Office, works. please.
Relax. stand up.
Tell us in a clear voice. What is the nature of the problem?
Ok. As you know, in the past 36 to 40 months, the company has
Start packaging new MBS products, these products will be several different grades
The classifications are combined to form a tradable security.
As I imagined, this is very profitable.
I have got. The company is currently
Every day is engaged in a lot of this business.
Now the question, I think, why do we come here tonight,
This is about a month for our company to get it right
The placement of these products presents challenges from the perspective of risk management.
And, Mr. Sullivan, what is the challenge? We must hold these assets on our books
The time is longer than our ideal situation. Yes.
But the key factor here is that these are essentially collateral.
Therefore, this allows us to extend leverage far beyond
What you may be willing or allowed to do in any other situation,
Thereby promoting the risk situation without causing any danger signals.
Now...thank you, Mr. Sullivan. sit down. I guess what your report is saying, then here
give me some advice. I guess what it says is, consider
Yes, it should be said that the rough road, we have been in the past week or so,
Before that number of brilliant colleagues got online, you must come up with
Without considering what is happening today, it will become more meaningful. Actually, no
What happened today but
What has happened in the past two weeks. So, you mean
Has this happened? Kind of. Kind of.
And, Mr. Sullivan, what does your model say, what does this mean for us here.
Okay, that's where the projection becomes. but...
You are talking to me, Mr. Sullivan. Ok sir
If these assets are only reduced by 25% and stay on our account,
Then the loss will be greater than the current market value of the entire company.
So what you want to tell me is that the music is about to stop, we
Will be left
The biggest odorous excrement in the history of capitalism. Mr. Chairman, I am not sure I will say this.
But let me clarify. Using your analogy, this model shows
It’s music, so to speak, just slow down. As you said, if the music stops, then
This model will not even approach that situation.
The situation will be worse. Mr. Sullivan, let me tell you something.
Do you want to know why I sit in this chair with everyone?
I mean, why can I make big money? Yes. I am here for a reason, a reason.
I guess music here
From now on a week, a month, what might be done in a year. That's it. That's it.
Standing here tonight, I am afraid I have heard nothing.
Just silence. So now that we know that the music has stopped,
What should we do? Mr. Cohen? Ms. Robertson? I'm afraid I think this is what you should
Where to intervene. Lord knew that we had enough to rely on Mr. Sullivan tonight.
What do you think of us? since
What will I tell you from the first day you enter my office? There are three ways to make a living
, First of all to become smarter,
Now, I don't cheat. And, although I want to think that we
There are some very smart people in this building, but make sure
Being the first one is really easy. All sold. Nowadays. Sam, is that possible? Yes but
How much does it cost? I want to pay. true?
I agree. Where will this go back? everywhere.
Sam, I don’t think you seem to understand what your boy is saying.
If I did you, what would you do?
You call traders to attend their normal 6.30 meeting because they will know
The ending of these two ways. You will have to throw a bone at them,
There is also a big bone. Then you have to
Out of the storm.
There is no swap. It's nothing. 10.15 Complete 40%. By 11.00, all your transactions must be cancelled because
At lunchtime, everything will end.
If you are lucky, by 2.00, you will sell for 65 cents.
Then the Fed will be here, lifting your ass and trying to slow you down.
Ramesh? They will slow you down. They cannot stop you.
sell to you. But John, even
We managed to do this, that is to say, the real question is,
Who do we sell this product to? We have been until recently
People who have been selling it for two years, and who else can buy it.
However, John, if you do this, you will stifle the market for many years. ended.
And you are selling something you know has no value.
We are selling to willing buyers at current fair market prices. So that we can survive.
You will never sell anything to anyone again. I know.
- you do? - you do? This is it!
I tell you. This is it. Now it is 4.00
Jared, you must decompose before 5:00 and make a plan.
Does anyone else know about this step by step?
Eric Dale. where is he?
From today, he no longer works in the company. We have been trying to find him.
-Camello- yes
Call me Eric Dale before 6:30. carry out. We will meet here in an hour. Sam, let's talk.